Angelina
vodka
standing one up the two deep
there's Pablo mafia to retrieve it
he and Brian decent hits and uh
an approval save to buy Smith bottom
super strike wasn't it Nikki and Bryan
Maffeo just brilliantly just keep saying
gets his head up and when it comes to
cross - Bryan seize the opportunity
that's a lovely strike who could save
Smith Varnum getting across
so well
and Chad Reid
Lester's best moment so far that was a
route back into this two-legged type
absolutely brilliant chance fantastic
work through and Cheer well
the spice here now chuckles beginning to
bite interest to it Carl Bailey
that was a reasonable chance Chad rose
was even better childish is a great
chance it really was then chill well
drives just hesitates brilliant Paul
Chowdhury does the right thing gets a
good contact it's on target you have to
say though either side of the goalkeeper
and think it's a goal
books will deliver this
Donelle Johnson kip prather looked to be
a hand there
referees assistance tracking it's a
penalty
Hanne Boel offense offers Lester a
chance from the spot
we'll carry so muslim' sure
don't think you could see through all
the bodies no Johnson does brilliantly
definitely a ham ball Charlie Oliver
don't know why he's think it is arms of
pie his head in the end assistant
referees made the right decision what a
chance for Lester
this a lifeline for Lester and Clayton
and duck who does what he needs to do
this tie isn't over yet it certainly
isn't that could give them the lift they
need Dooku with a clinical penalty picks
his spot
it's blowing hard
almost gets and to it
that's the goal I need it
van Ibaka Angelino but that seals
Manchester City's place in the final
Lester's dogged resistance is ended
Jason Wilcox can begin planning for two
games against arch-rivals Chelsea
well if it was going to come it was
gonna be down on this left-hand side
Angelina
lung bursting run and that's a wonderful
ball I said just think about putting it
across along the floor into that
dangerous area and he does it first time
I said quickly
he's anticipated and he coolly slots oh
and it removes any lingering doubt over
the outcome manchester city usually find
a way to score it's to Lester's credit
but it's taken 91 minutes for them to
locate the net on this occasion affair
to Leicester they really have given it a
real good go tonight and deserved the
draw possibly the victory and it's been
an enjoyable game oh it has it's been a
great contest and it's not been without
strong tackles you know it's not felt
like so-called reserve game it's been
passionate and that's what you want to
see from these players that they take it
very seriously this is a great stage to
play on Barker
now Buckley history looking just a
little leggy at the end now that wasn't
a great challenge it's a penalty
Manchester City now have the chance to
win on the night as well as on aggregate
well he just teased him in dude out
Isaac quickly just said come on make the
tackle
Cedric Cooper I did and it's the right
decision
it didn't need to lunge in
and Brandon Barca has the chance to cap
a fine individual display with a winning
goal on the night
just about the last kick of the game is
Manchester City's winning cake and it
confirms that passage in rather greater
style and it seemed likely to the FA
Youth Cup final against Chelsea
I'm a CMOS impartial Esther but not
Brandon bark he deserved that is that a
wonderful display and that's the way you
take a penalty step up bang
you